# PURPOSE AND USAGE
 
This is a command line interface tool that utilizes gpt-4o-mini via openai api, mediated by langchain.
It requires openai api key.

Paste youtube video url. If it has a transcript, it will be summarized. then you can continue to ask questions about the transcript.

For now text is hard-chunked with no regard to the contents semantic structure. 

It came to existence because i wanted a practical langchain excercise with some utility to myself. 

# INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

Prerequisites for app to work:
- desktop os (i still havent found a way to make it work on android)
- openai api key (it's available to logged in users at the api key page https://platform.openai.com/api-keys ) 
- access to the internet from your device

## 1 INSTALL GIT AND PYTHON (unless you already have them)

### osx 
in terminal, run:

```pkg install git && pkg install python3```
### windows
in terminal, run:

```winget install --id Git.Git -e```

```winget install --id Python.Python.3 -e```
## 2 CLONE THIS REPO 
navigate to the folder where you want the repo using bash commands:  ```ls```,  ```cd {folder name}```, ```cd ..```

### git clone

- ```git clone https://github.com/syntropl/yt_interrogator``` will clone repo to current folder

- ```cd yt_interrogator``` will enter repo folder

on osx, sicnce you're here, run this:

- ```chmod +x YT_INTERROGATOR.py``` will make the file executable 



if you have an old version of the repo, input ```git pull``` to update your repo



## 3 RUN THE APP
You can run it directly from terminal or using python launcher (osx):


### option 1: run from within terminal
- navigate to yt_interrogator folder


- run python with YT_INTERROGATOR.py as argument:
#### osx
```python3 YT_INTERROGATOR.py```
#### windows
```python YT_INTERROGATOR.py```


### option 2: make file executable to run it directly from os

- while in /yt_interrogator/ 
```chmod +x YT_INTERROGATOR.py``` will make the file executable 


### option 3: run using python_launcher (osx)
You go through the below procedure once, and then you can easily run it from spotlight or finder

- find yt_interrogator folder in your system's file explorer
- in the folder find YT_INTERROGATOR.py
- mouse2 click on the file (using trackpad :two finger click /  using mouse: right button) -> context menu will appear
- in the context menu, hover over "Open With" and then click "Other..."
- in the lower center of the window (below apps list) ensure the checkbox "Always Open With" is checked
- locate Python Launcher, select it and click "open" in window's right bottom corner.
- from now on you can run YT_INTERROGATOR.py by finding it in spotlight and pressing enter





